fix(fuselage): remove margins from `ButtonGroup` first and last items (#1356)
RocketChat/fuselage: .changeset/mighty-gifts-impress.md

---
"@rocket.chat/fuselage": patch
---

> (fuselage) removed margin from small `ButtonGroup` first and last items

Author: ```suggestion
fix(fuselage): remove margins from `ButtonGroup` first and last items
```
